<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [IdleTimer][1]
    *   [start][2]
        *   [Parameters][3]
    *   [reset][4]
    *   [stop][5]
    *   [dispatch][6]
    *   [subscribe][7]
        *   [Parameters][8]
    *   [unsubscribe][9]
        *   [Parameters][10]
*   [UserData][11]
    *   [read][12]
        *   [Parameters][13]
    *   [write][14]
        *   [Parameters][15]
    *   [delete][16]
        *   [Parameters][17]
    *   [IDBOpen][18]
        *   [Parameters][19]
    *   [IDBAdd][20]
        *   [Parameters][21]
    *   [IDBRemove][22]
        *   [Parameters][23]
    *   [IDBRead][24]
        *   [Parameters][25]
    *   [IDBUpdate][26]
        *   [Parameters][27]
    *   [IDBReadAll][28]
        *   [Parameters][29]
    *   [IDBClose][30]
    *   [IDBDeleteDB][31]
        *   [Parameters][32]
*   [Point][33]
*   [Point][34]
*   [PositionCallback][35]
    *   [Parameters][36]
*   [Anchor][37]
    *   [onResize][38]
        *   [Parameters][39]
*   [ScaleCallback][40]
    *   [Parameters][41]
*   [SafeScaleManager][42]
    *   [Parameters][43]
    *   [entities][44]
    *   [resizeEventData][45]
    *   [removeEntity][46]
        *   [Parameters][47]
    *   [enable][48]
        *   [Parameters][49]
    *   [disable][50]
    *   [calcOffset][51]
        *   [Parameters][52]
    *   [addEntity][53]
        *   [Parameters][54]
*   [EntityResizeEvent][55]
*   [ScaledEntity][56]
    *   [onResize][57]
        *   [Parameters][58]
*   [ScaleManager][59]
    *   [Parameters][60]
    *   [Properties][61]
    *   [enable][62]
        *   [Parameters][63]
    *   [disable][64]
*   [ResizeHelper][65]
    *   [Parameters][66]
    *   [iOS][67]
    *   [enabled][68]
    *   [enabled][69]
        *   [Parameters][70]
    *   [onWindowResize][71]
    *   [getWindowResolution][72]
*   [SpeechSynth][73]
    *   [Parameters][74]
    *   [Properties][75]
    *   [pause][76]
    *   [resume][77]
    *   [cancel][78]
    *   [say][79]
        *   [Parameters][80]
    *   [setVoice][81]
        *   [Parameters][82]
    *   [getVoice][83]
    *   [rate][84]
        *   [Parameters][85]
    *   [rate][86]
    *   [pitch][87]
        *   [Parameters][88]
    *   [pitch][89]
    *   [volume][90]
        *   [Parameters][91]
    *   [volume][92]
*   [filterType][93]
*   [ColorFilter][94]
    *   [applyFilter][95]
        *   [Parameters][96]
    *   [changeFilter][97]
        *   [Parameters][98]
    *   [removeFilter][99]
    *   [types][100]
*   [KeyState][101]
    *   [Properties][102]
*   [Controller][103]
    *   [Parameters][104]
    *   [onWindowBlur][105]
    *   [update][106]
    *   [onKeyDown][107]
        *   [Parameters][108]
    *   [onKeyUp][109]
        *   [Parameters][110]
    *   [assignButtons][111]
        *   [Parameters][112]
*   [Key][113]
    *   [Parameters][114]
    *   [Properties][115]
    *   [updateState][116]
        *   [Parameters][117]
    *   [action][118]
    *   [state][119]
*   [Application][120]
    *   [Properties][121]
    *   [getPlugin][122]
        *   [Parameters][123]
    *   [validateListeners][124]
    *   [setStateDefaults][125]
    *   [setupPlugins][126]
    *   [\_plugins][127]
    *   [uses][128]
        *   [Parameters][129]
    *   [getPlugin][130]
        *   [Parameters][131]
*   [Debugger][132]
    *   [Parameters][133]
    *   [Properties][134]
    *   [params][135]
    *   [minLevel][136]
        *   [Parameters][137]
    *   [emit][138]
        *   [Parameters][139]
    *   [LEVEL][140]
    *   [log][141]
        *   [Parameters][142]
    *   [assert][143]
        *   [Parameters][144]
    *   [isEnabled][145]
    *   [enable][146]
        *   [Parameters][147]
    *   [paramKey][148]
*   [HintSequencePlayer][149]
    *   [play][150]
    *   [clear][151]
    *   [add][152]
        *   [Parameters][153]
    *   [remove][154]
        *   [Parameters][155]
*   [IHintPlayer][156]
    *   [Properties][157]
*   [Property][158]
    *   [Properties][159]
    *   [value][160]
    *   [value][161]
        *   [Parameters][162]
    *   [subscribe][163]
        *   [Parameters][164]
    *   [unsubscribe][165]
        *   [Parameters][166]
    *   [hasListeners][167]
*   [Caption][168]
    *   [Parameters][169]
    *   [update][170]
        *   [Parameters][171]
    *   [updateState][172]
        *   [Parameters][173]
    *   [isFinished][174]
    *   [start][175]
        *   [Parameters][176]
    *   [updateTimeIndex][177]
        *   [Parameters][178]
*   [Caption][179]
    *   [Properties][180]
    *   [update][181]
        *   [Parameters][182]
    *   [updateState][183]
        *   [Parameters][184]
    *   [isFinished][185]
    *   [start][186]
        *   [Parameters][187]
    *   [updateTimeIndex][188]
        *   [Parameters][189]
*   [CaptionFactory][190]
    *   [createCaptionMap][191]
        *   [Parameters][192]
    *   [createCaption][193]
        *   [Parameters][194]
    *   [createLine][195]
        *   [Parameters][196]
*   [CaptionPlayer][197]
    *   [Parameters][198]
    *   [update][199]
        *   [Parameters][200]
    *   [start][201]
        *   [Parameters][202]
    *   [stop][203]
*   [CaptionPlayer][204]
    *   [update][205]
        *   [Parameters][206]
    *   [start][207]
        *   [Parameters][208]
    *   [stop][209]
*   [TimedLine][210]
    *   [Properties][211]
    *   [setContent][212]
        *   [Parameters][213]
*   [IRender][214]
    *   [Properties][215]
*   [DOMRenderer][216]
    *   [Parameters][217]
    *   [start][218]
        *   [Parameters][219]
    *   [stop][220]
*   [HtmlRenderer][221]
    *   [lineBegin][222]
        *   [Parameters][223]
    *   [lineEnd][224]
*   [TemplateRenderer][225]
    *   [Parameters][226]
*   [TextRenderer][227]
    *   [lineBegin][228]
        *   [Parameters][229]
    *   [lineEnd][230]
    *   [sanitize][231]
        *   [Parameters][232]
*   [Localizer.Options][233]
*   [Localizer][234]
    *   [resolve][235]
        *   [Parameters][236]
    *   [setPrimaryLocale][237]
        *   [Parameters][238]
    *   [setFallbackLocale][239]
        *   [Parameters][240]
    *   [getLocaleKey][241]
        *   [Parameters][242]
    *   [getBrowserLanguages][243]
*   [ApplicationPlugin][244]
    *   [preload][245]
    *   [init][246]
    *   [start][247]

## IdleTimer

### start

#### Parameters

*   `time` **[Number][248]** time in milliseconds (optional, default `15000`)

Returns **void** @memberof IdleTimer

### reset

resets the timer, does not call subscribed functions

Returns **void** @memberof IdleTimer

### stop

Returns **void** @memberof IdleTimer

### dispatch

Calls all subscribed functions, and resets the timer.

Returns **void** @memberof IdleTimer

### subscribe

Adds a function to be called when timer is dispatched

#### Parameters

*   `callback` &#x20;

Returns **void** @memberof IdleTimer

### unsubscribe

Removes a function from being called when timer is dispatched

#### Parameters

*   `callback` **any**&#x20;

Returns **void** @memberof IdleTimer

## UserData

Manages data between SpringRoll Container and SpringRoll

### read

Gets data from SpringRoll Container

#### Parameters

*   `name` **[string][249]**&#x20;

Returns **[Promise][250]**&#x20;

### write

Sends data to SpringRoll Container

#### Parameters

*   `name` **[string][249]**&#x20;
*   `value` **any**&#x20;

Returns **[Promise][250]**&#x20;

### delete

Removes data from SpringRoll Container

#### Parameters

*   `name` **[string][249]**&#x20;

### IDBOpen

Opens a connection with the indexedDB database

#### Parameters

*   `dbName` &#x20;
*   `dbVersion`   (optional, default `null`)
*   `additions`   (optional, default `{}`)
*   `deletions`   (optional, default `{}`)
*   `name` **[string][249]**&#x20;

### IDBAdd

Adds a record to the indexedDB database

#### Parameters

*   `storeName` &#x20;
*   `value` &#x20;
*   `key`   (optional, default `null`)
*   `name` **[string][249]**&#x20;

### IDBRemove

Removes data from SpringRoll Container

#### Parameters

*   `storeName` &#x20;
*   `key` &#x20;
*   `name` **[string][249]**&#x20;

### IDBRead

Removes data from SpringRoll Container

#### Parameters

*   `storeName` &#x20;
*   `key` &#x20;
*   `name` **[string][249]**&#x20;

### IDBUpdate

#### Parameters

*   `storeName` **[string][249]**&#x20;
*   `key` **[string][249]**&#x20;
*   `value` &#x20;
*   `object` **[string][249]**&#x20;

### IDBReadAll

#### Parameters

*   `storeName` **[string][249]** The name of the store to read from
*   `count` **integer** Specifies the number of values to return if more than one is found. (optional, default `null`)

### IDBClose

Close the connection with the database

### IDBDeleteDB

Delete a given database

#### Parameters

*   `dbName` &#x20;
*   `DBName` **[string][249]** The name of the database to be deleted

## Point

Type: {x: [Number][248], y: [Number][248]}

## Point

Type: {x: [Number][248], y: [Number][248]}

## PositionCallback

callback to used move game entities

Type: [Function][251]

### Parameters

*   `position` **[Point][33]** position relative to anchor direction

## Anchor

Used to fix positions to a relative point in the viewport.

### onResize

#### Parameters

*   `param` **[object][252]**&#x20;

    *   `param.viewArea` **[Point][33]**&#x20;

Returns **void** @memberof Anchor

## ScaleCallback

callback to used scale game and canvas

Type: [Function][251]

### Parameters

*   `width` **[Number][248]** width canvas should be
*   `height` **[Number][248]** height canvas should be
*   `scale` **[Point][33]** x/y scale values
*   `scaleRatio` **[Number][248]** minimum aspect ratio that fit's in the screen.
*   `viewArea` **[Object][252]** Rectangle defining the total viewable area of game content.

## SafeScaleManager

Handles scaling the game

### Parameters

*   `$0` **[Object][252]**&#x20;

    *   `$0.width` &#x20;
    *   `$0.height` &#x20;
    *   `$0.safeWidth`   (optional, default `Infinity`)
    *   `$0.safeHeight`   (optional, default `Infinity`)
    *   `$0.callback`   (optional, default `()=>{}`)
*   `param` **[object][252]**&#x20;

### entities

Type: [Array][253]<[ScaledEntity][56]>

### resizeEventData

Type: [EntityResizeEvent][55]

### removeEntity

Removes an anchor

#### Parameters

*   `entity` **[ScaledEntity][56]**&#x20;

Returns **void** @memberof SafeScaleManager

### enable

Enables the scale manager listener. Will not be enabled if a callback is not supplied.

#### Parameters

*   `callback` **[ScaleCallback][40]** The function to be called on resize events.

### disable

Disables the scale manager.

### calcOffset

Calculates the offset for anchors.

#### Parameters

*   `scale` **[Point][33]** scale value

Returns **[Point][33]**&#x20;

### addEntity

Adds and anchor to be updated during resize

#### Parameters

*   `entity` **([ScaledEntity][56] | [Array][253]<[ScaledEntity][56]>)**&#x20;

## EntityResizeEvent

Type: {offset: [Point][33], gameSize: [Point][33], scale: [Point][33]}

## ScaledEntity

### onResize

#### Parameters

*   `event` **[EntityResizeEvent][55]**&#x20;

Returns **void** @memberof ScaledEntity

## ScaleManager

\[Deprecated]

Simplifies listening to resize events by passing the relevant data to a provided callback.

### Parameters

*   `callback` **[Function][251]**  (optional, default `undefined`)

### Properties

*   `callback` **[Function][251]?**&#x20;

### enable

Enables the scale manager listener. Will not be enabled if a callback is not supplied.

#### Parameters

*   `callback` **[Function][251]** The function to be called on resize events.

### disable

Disables the scale manager.

## ResizeHelper

Utility class that handles resize events for ScaleManager and SafeScaleManager.

### Parameters

*   `resizeCallback` **[function][251]**&#x20;

### iOS

Whether or not the application is running on an iOS device.

### enabled

Returns the enabled state of the ResizeHelper.

### enabled

Sets the enabled state of the ResizeHelper.
Forces a resize event.

#### Parameters

*   `value` &#x20;

### onWindowResize

Handler for window resize events. Forwards this event to the scale manager if enabled.

### getWindowResolution

Sets the window width and window height values of the ResizeHelper.

## SpeechSynth

SpeechSync makes it easy to convert text to speech.
Note: This is not supported on IE11 and below because of the underlying APIs are not implemented in those browsers

### Parameters

*   `params` **[object][252]**&#x20;

    *   `params.voice` **[number][248]** Indicates what voice to use. (optional, default `0`)
    *   `params.rate` **[number][248]** The rate at which the text is said. Supports a range from 0.1 to 10. (optional, default `1`)
    *   `params.pitch` **[number][248]** Voice Pitch. Supports a pitch from 0 to 2. (optional, default `0`)
    *   `params.volume` **[number][248]** Volume. Supports 0 to 1. (optional, default `1`)

### Properties

*   `voicesLoaded` **[boolean][254]** voices are loaded async. This is will be set to true when they are loaded.

### pause

Pauses the announcer.

### resume

Resumes the announcer.

### cancel

Pauses the announcer and clears the queue.

### say

Causes the announcer to say whatever message is passed to it.
If the announcer is already saying something then it will be added to a queue.

#### Parameters

*   `message` **[string][249]**&#x20;

### setVoice

Sets the voice by array index.

#### Parameters

*   `index` **[number][248]**&#x20;

### getVoice

Returns the voice object.

Returns **([object][252] | null)**&#x20;

### rate

Rate at which text is spoken.

#### Parameters

*   `rate` **[number][248]**&#x20;

### rate

Returns rate which text is spoken.

Returns **[number][248]**&#x20;

### pitch

Sets the pitch at which text is spoken.

#### Parameters

*   `pitch` **[number][248]**&#x20;

### pitch

Returns the pitch at which text is spoken.

Returns **[number][248]**&#x20;

### volume

Sets the current volume of the announcer.

#### Parameters

*   `volume` **[number][248]**&#x20;

### volume

Returns the current volume of the announcer.

Returns **[number][248]**&#x20;

## filterType

Type: (`"protanopia"` | `"protanomaly"` | `"deuteranopia"` | `"deuteranomaly"` | `"tritanopia"` | `"tritanomaly"` | `"achromatopsia"` | `"achromatomaly"`)

## ColorFilter

The Color filter allows you to simulate colorblindness.

### applyFilter

Applies the specified filter to the element.

#### Parameters

*   `element` **[HTMLElement][255]**&#x20;
*   `type` **[filterType][93]**&#x20;

### changeFilter

Changes the currently applied filter to the element if the color filter has it.

#### Parameters

*   `type` **[filterType][93]**&#x20;

Returns **any**&#x20;

### removeFilter

Removes the filter from the element.

### types

Supported filter types.

Returns **[object][252]** Returns an object { name, value } with the colorblindness type:
(Protanopia, Protanomaly, Deuteranopia, Deuteranomaly, Tritanopia, Tritanomaly, Achromatopsia, Achromatomaly)

## KeyState

Type: (`0` | `1` | `2`)

### Properties

*   `down` **[Function][251]**&#x20;
*   `up` **[Function][251]**&#x20;
*   `key` **[string][249]**&#x20;

## Controller

Controller interface class to simplify working with key presses.

### Parameters

*   `buttons` **[Array][253]\<KeyTemplate>** An object containing all keys you want to watch and their functions. e.g. {enter: () => {}}. See [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/KeyboardEvent/key/Key\_Values][256] for potential values. (optional, default `[]`)

### onWindowBlur

Called on window blur, sets button state to up if button was down;

Returns **void** @memberof Controller

### update

Calls all functions for buttons that are currently set to enabled.

### onKeyDown

Called on keyup. Sets flag to 1 if key is being watched.

#### Parameters

*   `e` **[KeyboardEvent][257]**&#x20;

### onKeyUp

Called on keyup. Sets flag to 2 if key is being watched.

#### Parameters

*   `e` **[KeyboardEvent][257]**&#x20;

### assignButtons

Sets an object of button functions to the controller to be called.

#### Parameters

*   `keys` **[Array][253]\<KeyTemplate>**&#x20;

## Key

Represents a single key on the keyboard and the functions related to it.

### Parameters

*   `key` **[string][249]** What this object represents.
*   `down` **[Function][251]** Function to be called while the key is held down. (optional, default `()=>{}`)
*   `up` **[Function][251]** Function to be called when the key is lifted up. (optional, default `()=>{}`)

### Properties

*   `state` **(`0` | `1` | `2`)** The current state of the key. 0 = inactive, 1 = active, 2 = to be set to inactive.
*   `key` **[string][249]** The name of the key we are targeting.
*   `actions` **[object][252]**&#x20;

    *   `actions.down` **[function][251]** Function to be called while the key is held down.
    *   `actions.up` **[function][251]** Function to be called when the key is lifted up.

### updateState

Updates the internal state of the key. Accepts a range between 0-2. Will set key state to 0 if nothing is passed.

#### Parameters

*   `state` **(`0` | `1` | `2`)**  (optional, default `0`)

### action

Calls the relevant action for the current state of the key.

### state

Returns the current state of the key.

Returns **[number][248]**&#x20;

## Application

Main entry point for a game. Provides a single focal point for plugins and functionality to attach.

### Properties

*   `features` **[object][252]** A configuration object denoting which features are enabled for this application

    *   `features.captions` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean value denoting that this game supports captions
    *   `features.sound` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean value denoting that this game has some audio in it
    *   `features.vo` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has mutable voice-over audio in it
    *   `features.music` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has mutable music in it
    *   `features.sfx` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has mutable sound effects in it
    *   `features.soundVolume` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable sound volume in it
    *   `features.musicVolume` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable music volume in it
    *   `features.voVolume` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable voice-over volume in it
    *   `features.sfxVolume` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable sound effects volume in it
    *   `features.pointerSize` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable pointer size in it
    *   `features.controlSensitivity` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable control sensitivity in it
    *   `features.buttonSize` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable button sizes in it
    *   `features.removableLayers` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has removable game layers in it
    *   `features.hudPosition` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has custom HUD positions.
    *   `features.hitAreaScale` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable hit areas.
    *   `features.dragThresholdScale` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable drag thresholds.
    *   `features.health` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable health.
    *   `features.objectCount` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable object count requirements.
    *   `features.completionPercentage` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable completion percentage requirements.
    *   `features.speedScale` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable speed.
    *   `features.timersScale` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable timers.
    *   `features.inputCount` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has adjustable input count requirements.
    *   `features.keyBinding` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has re-mappable key bindings.
    *   `features.colorVision` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has color blindess filters
    *   `features.fullScreen` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has fullScreen capabilities
    *   `features.indexedDb` **[boolean][254]?** A boolean denoting that this game has fullScreen capabilities

### getPlugin

returns instance of a plugin.

#### Parameters

*   `name` **[string][249]**&#x20;

Returns **(SpringRoll.ApplicationPlugin | [undefined][258])**&#x20;

### validateListeners

Validates that appropriate listeners are added for the features that were enabled in the constructor

*   Throws **any** Error

### setStateDefaults

Sets default values of application state properties.

### setupPlugins

preloads, initializes and starts plugins.

Returns **[Promise][250]\<void>**&#x20;

### \_plugins

The list of plugins that are currently registered to run on Applications.

### uses

Registers a plugin to be used by applications, sorting it by priority order.

#### Parameters

*   `plugin` **SpringRoll.ApplicationPlugin** The plugin to register.

### getPlugin

Finds a plugin by name.

#### Parameters

*   `name` **[string][249]** The name of the plugin.

Returns **(SpringRoll.ApplicationPlugin | [undefined][258])**&#x20;

## Debugger

Type: [object][252]

### Parameters

*   `params` **[Object][252]** Options

    *   `params.emitEnabled` **[boolean][254]** If this should emit events to the window. (optional, default `false`)
    *   `params.minLevel` **(`"GENERAL"` | `"DEBUG"` | `"INFO"` | `"WARN"` | `"ERROR"`)** The starting log level for the logger. (optional, default `'GENERAL'`)

### Properties

*   `emitEnabled` **[boolean][254]**&#x20;
*   `enabled` **[boolean][254]**&#x20;
*   `minLevel` **[number][248]**&#x20;

### params

Returns the params of the debugger.

Returns **DebuggerParams**&#x20;

### minLevel

Sets the logging level of the debugger.

#### Parameters

*   `level` **([string][249] | [number][248])** The name of the level.

Returns **void**&#x20;

### emit

If emitting is enabled for this instance, then it will dispatch an event on the window.

#### Parameters

*   `eventName` **[string][249]** Name of the event (optional, default `'Debugger'`)

### LEVEL

Returns logging levels.

Returns **[object][252]**&#x20;

### log

Console logs all supplied arguments if the log level is low enough for them to be logged.

#### Parameters

*   `type` **(`"log"` | `"general"` | `"warn"` | `"error"` | `"debug"` | `"info"`)** minimum level for this log to run at (optional, default `'log'`)
*   `args` **[Array][253]\<any>** Arguments you wish to log.

### assert

Will throw if statement is false.

#### Parameters

*   `isTrue` **[boolean][254]** The expression to evaluate.

### isEnabled

Returns a boolean indicating if the debugger has been enabled or not.

Returns **[boolean][254]**&#x20;

### enable

Disables or enables all debugger instances.
TODO: Remove the parameter here, and add a disable method as well

#### Parameters

*   `flag` **[boolean][254]**&#x20;

Returns **void**&#x20;

### paramKey

Returns the global params key.

## HintSequencePlayer

### play

invokes the next hint

Returns **void** @memberof HintSequencePlayer

### clear

removes all hints

Returns **void** @memberof HintSequencePlayer

### add

#### Parameters

*   `callbacks` **[Array][253]\<function ()>**&#x20;

Returns **void** @memberof HintSequencePlayer

### remove

#### Parameters

*   `callbacks` **[Array][253]\<function ()>**&#x20;

Returns **void** @memberof HintSequencePlayer

## IHintPlayer

Hint Player interface to help enforce minimum requirements for hint players

### Properties

*   `play` **[function][251]** called by application to

## Property

A class for representing changeable/subscribable properties.

### Properties

*   `_value` **any** the value of the property
*   `listeners` **\[]** all the objects listening to this property
*   `alwaysNotify` **[boolean][254]** Determines if the property will notify a value change regardless if it's a new value or not.

### value

The current value of the property

Type: any

### value

Setting this value notifies all listeners of the change.

Type: any

#### Parameters

*   `value` &#x20;

### subscribe

Adds a subscriber to this property.

#### Parameters

*   `callback` **[function][251]** The callback to call whenever the property changes.

### unsubscribe

Unsubscribes a listener from this property.

#### Parameters

*   `callback` **[function][251]** The callback to unsubscribe.

### hasListeners

Whether or not this property has any subscribed listeners

Type: [Boolean][254]

## Caption

### Parameters

*   `lines` &#x20;

### update

Updates content based on time passed.
This should be called every frame that the caption is active.

#### Parameters

*   `deltaTime` **[Number][248]** Time in seconds since last frame.

### updateState

Handles calling callbacks and updating caption's current state.

#### Parameters

*   `currentTime` **[Number][248]**&#x20;
*   `lastTime` **[Number][248]**&#x20;

### isFinished

Checks if caption has completed.

Returns **[Boolean][254]**&#x20;

### start

Sets time and line index of caption.

#### Parameters

*   `time` **[Number][248]** Time in milliseconds. (optional, default `0`)
*   `renderer`   (optional, default `{lineBegin:()=>{},lineEnd:()=>{}}`)

### updateTimeIndex

Updates the current time and index of the caption instance

#### Parameters

*   `time` **[Number][248]**  (optional, default `0`)

## Caption

### Properties

*   `lines` **[Array][253]<[TimedLine][210]>**&#x20;
*   `time` **[number][248]**&#x20;
*   `lineIndex` **[number][248]**&#x20;
*   `renderer` **[IRender][214]**&#x20;

### update

Updates content based on time passed.
This should be called every frame that the caption is active.

#### Parameters

*   `deltaTime` **[Number][248]** Time in seconds since last frame.

### updateState

Handles calling callbacks and updating caption's current state.

#### Parameters

*   `currentTime` **[Number][248]**&#x20;
*   `lastTime` **[Number][248]**&#x20;

### isFinished

Checks if caption has completed.

Returns **[Boolean][254]**&#x20;

### start

Sets time and line index of caption.

#### Parameters

*   `time` **[Number][248]** Time in milliseconds. (optional, default `0`)
*   `renderer`   (optional, default `{lineBegin:()=>{},lineEnd:()=>{}}`)

### updateTimeIndex

Updates the current time and index of the caption instance

#### Parameters

*   `time` **[Number][248]**  (optional, default `0`)

## CaptionFactory

Collection of functions for creating Captions

### createCaptionMap

Creates a new Object\<String, Caption>.

#### Parameters

*   `data` **[JSON][259]**&#x20;

Returns **[Object][252]**&#x20;

### createCaption

Creates a new Caption from JSON data.

#### Parameters

*   `captionData` **any**&#x20;

Returns **[Caption][168]** new Caption

### createLine

Creates a new TimedLine from JSON data.

#### Parameters

*   `lineData` **any**&#x20;

Returns **[TimedLine][210]** new TimedLine;

## CaptionPlayer

### Parameters

*   `captions` &#x20;
*   `renderer` &#x20;

### update

Updates any currently playing caption.
This should be called every frame.

#### Parameters

*   `deltaTime` **[Number][248]** Time passed in seconds since last update call.

### start

Starts playing a caption.

#### Parameters

*   `name` **[String][249]** Name of caption.
*   `time` **[number][248]** Atart time in milliseconds. (optional, default `0`)
*   `args` **[object][252]** Arguments that will get passed to the renderer (optional, default `{}`)

### stop

Stops any caption currently playing.

## CaptionPlayer

CaptionPlayer is used to start, stop and update captions.
It applies the content of an active caption to a given CaptionRenderer.

### update

Updates any currently playing caption.
This should be called every frame.

#### Parameters

*   `deltaTime` **[Number][248]** Time passed in seconds since last update call.

### start

Starts playing a caption.

#### Parameters

*   `name` **[String][249]** Name of caption.
*   `time` **[number][248]** Atart time in milliseconds. (optional, default `0`)
*   `args` **[object][252]** Arguments that will get passed to the renderer (optional, default `{}`)

### stop

Stops any caption currently playing.

## TimedLine

### Properties

*   `startTime` **[number][248]**&#x20;
*   `endTime` **[number][248]**&#x20;
*   `content` **[string][249]**&#x20;

### setContent

Sets line's content. Removes HTML formatting for text.

#### Parameters

*   `content` **any**&#x20;

Returns **void** @memberof TimedLine

## IRender

Render interface to help enforce minimum requirements for caption renderers

### Properties

*   `start` **[function][251]** called when the Caption Player starts playing captions
*   `stop` **[function][251]** called when the Caption Player stops playing captions
*   `lineBegin` **[function][251]** called when rendering a new line of text
*   `lineEnd` **[function][251]** called when finished rendering a new of text

## DOMRenderer

DOMRender is a incomplete renderer that is intended to supply just the basic start and stop functions

### Parameters

*   `element` **[HTMLElement][255]**&#x20;
*   `templateVariables` **[Object][252]**&#x20;

### start

Makes target element visible and ready to present captions

#### Parameters

*   `templateVariables` **[object][252]** Variables that can used during caption play time (optional, default `{}`)

### stop

H

## HtmlRenderer

HTML Renderer is intended for rendering raw html in the use case of wanting to display styled captions

### lineBegin

Called by Caption Player when a new line needs to be displayed

#### Parameters

*   `line` &#x20;

### lineEnd

Called by Caption Player when a line is complete

## TemplateRenderer

TemplateRenderer accepts a string template e.g.`The ball is {{color}}` and a args object e.g. `{color: 'red'}`
and swaps out the placeholder inside the double brackets with the matching key inside the args object

### Parameters

*   `template` **[string][249]** String template that will be rendered with the supplied arguments
*   `args` **[Object][252]** //An Object contain data to be inserted into the template This will match based on key values

Returns **[string][249]**&#x20;

## TextRenderer

TextRenderer is intended for just rendering test. It will attempt to sanitize any strings passed to it by removing html syntax

### lineBegin

Called by Caption Player when a new line needs to be displayed

#### Parameters

*   `line` &#x20;

### lineEnd

Called by Caption Player when a line is complete

### sanitize

Will attempt to remove all html from a string before it's renderer to the page

#### Parameters

*   `html` **any**&#x20;

## Localizer.Options

Type: {language: [string][249], fallback: [string][249]}

## Localizer

### resolve

#### Parameters

*   `path` **[string][249]**&#x20;
*   `options` **any**  (optional, default `{}`)

Returns **{path: [string][249], language: [string][249]}**&#x20;

### setPrimaryLocale

#### Parameters

*   `localeKey` **[string][249]**&#x20;

Returns **[boolean][254]** True if language is set.

### setFallbackLocale

#### Parameters

*   `localeKey` **[string][249]**&#x20;

Returns **[boolean][254]** True if fallback is set.

### getLocaleKey

#### Parameters

*   `localeKey` **[string][249]**&#x20;

Returns **[string][249]**&#x20;

### getBrowserLanguages

## ApplicationPlugin

Represents a single plugin for applications. Allows developers to inject code in the start up process of an
application providing new features to the application.

### preload

A preload method for the plugin which allows for asynchronous setup tasks. Either takes a callback as first
parameter, or should return a Promise indicating that loading is finished.

Returns **[Promise][250]** A promise indicating when the plugin is finished loading.

### init

An init method for the plugin. This method is ran synchronously in the constructor of the Application.
After all plugins preloads  has completed

### start

A start method for the plugin. This method is ran synchronously in the constructor of the Application.
After all plugins inits has completed

[1]: #idletimer

[2]: #start

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #reset

[5]: #stop

[6]: #dispatch

[7]: #subscribe

[8]: #parameters-1

[9]: #unsubscribe

[10]: #parameters-2

[11]: #userdata

[12]: #read

[13]: #parameters-3

[14]: #write

[15]: #parameters-4

[16]: #delete

[17]: #parameters-5

[18]: #idbopen

[19]: #parameters-6

[20]: #idbadd

[21]: #parameters-7

[22]: #idbremove

[23]: #parameters-8

[24]: #idbread

[25]: #parameters-9

[26]: #idbupdate

[27]: #parameters-10

[28]: #idbreadall

[29]: #parameters-11

[30]: #idbclose

[31]: #idbdeletedb

[32]: #parameters-12

[33]: #point

[34]: #point-1

[35]: #positioncallback

[36]: #parameters-13

[37]: #anchor

[38]: #onresize

[39]: #parameters-14

[40]: #scalecallback

[41]: #parameters-15

[42]: #safescalemanager

[43]: #parameters-16

[44]: #entities

[45]: #resizeeventdata

[46]: #removeentity

[47]: #parameters-17

[48]: #enable

[49]: #parameters-18

[50]: #disable

[51]: #calcoffset

[52]: #parameters-19

[53]: #addentity

[54]: #parameters-20

[55]: #entityresizeevent

[56]: #scaledentity

[57]: #onresize-1

[58]: #parameters-21

[59]: #scalemanager

[60]: #parameters-22

[61]: #properties

[62]: #enable-1

[63]: #parameters-23

[64]: #disable-1

[65]: #resizehelper

[66]: #parameters-24

[67]: #ios

[68]: #enabled

[69]: #enabled-1

[70]: #parameters-25

[71]: #onwindowresize

[72]: #getwindowresolution

[73]: #speechsynth

[74]: #parameters-26

[75]: #properties-1

[76]: #pause

[77]: #resume

[78]: #cancel

[79]: #say

[80]: #parameters-27

[81]: #setvoice

[82]: #parameters-28

[83]: #getvoice

[84]: #rate

[85]: #parameters-29

[86]: #rate-1

[87]: #pitch

[88]: #parameters-30

[89]: #pitch-1

[90]: #volume

[91]: #parameters-31

[92]: #volume-1

[93]: #filtertype

[94]: #colorfilter

[95]: #applyfilter

[96]: #parameters-32

[97]: #changefilter

[98]: #parameters-33

[99]: #removefilter

[100]: #types

[101]: #keystate

[102]: #properties-2

[103]: #controller

[104]: #parameters-34

[105]: #onwindowblur

[106]: #update

[107]: #onkeydown

[108]: #parameters-35

[109]: #onkeyup

[110]: #parameters-36

[111]: #assignbuttons

[112]: #parameters-37

[113]: #key

[114]: #parameters-38

[115]: #properties-3

[116]: #updatestate

[117]: #parameters-39

[118]: #action

[119]: #state

[120]: #application

[121]: #properties-4

[122]: #getplugin

[123]: #parameters-40

[124]: #validatelisteners

[125]: #setstatedefaults

[126]: #setupplugins

[127]: #_plugins

[128]: #uses

[129]: #parameters-41

[130]: #getplugin-1

[131]: #parameters-42

[132]: #debugger

[133]: #parameters-43

[134]: #properties-5

[135]: #params

[136]: #minlevel

[137]: #parameters-44

[138]: #emit

[139]: #parameters-45

[140]: #level

[141]: #log

[142]: #parameters-46

[143]: #assert

[144]: #parameters-47

[145]: #isenabled

[146]: #enable-2

[147]: #parameters-48

[148]: #paramkey

[149]: #hintsequenceplayer

[150]: #play

[151]: #clear

[152]: #add

[153]: #parameters-49

[154]: #remove

[155]: #parameters-50

[156]: #ihintplayer

[157]: #properties-6

[158]: #property

[159]: #properties-7

[160]: #value

[161]: #value-1

[162]: #parameters-51

[163]: #subscribe-1

[164]: #parameters-52

[165]: #unsubscribe-1

[166]: #parameters-53

[167]: #haslisteners

[168]: #caption

[169]: #parameters-54

[170]: #update-1

[171]: #parameters-55

[172]: #updatestate-1

[173]: #parameters-56

[174]: #isfinished

[175]: #start-1

[176]: #parameters-57

[177]: #updatetimeindex

[178]: #parameters-58

[179]: #caption-1

[180]: #properties-8

[181]: #update-2

[182]: #parameters-59

[183]: #updatestate-2

[184]: #parameters-60

[185]: #isfinished-1

[186]: #start-2

[187]: #parameters-61

[188]: #updatetimeindex-1

[189]: #parameters-62

[190]: #captionfactory

[191]: #createcaptionmap

[192]: #parameters-63

[193]: #createcaption

[194]: #parameters-64

[195]: #createline

[196]: #parameters-65

[197]: #captionplayer

[198]: #parameters-66

[199]: #update-3

[200]: #parameters-67

[201]: #start-3

[202]: #parameters-68

[203]: #stop-1

[204]: #captionplayer-1

[205]: #update-4

[206]: #parameters-69

[207]: #start-4

[208]: #parameters-70

[209]: #stop-2

[210]: #timedline

[211]: #properties-9

[212]: #setcontent

[213]: #parameters-71

[214]: #irender

[215]: #properties-10

[216]: #domrenderer

[217]: #parameters-72

[218]: #start-5

[219]: #parameters-73

[220]: #stop-3

[221]: #htmlrenderer

[222]: #linebegin

[223]: #parameters-74

[224]: #lineend

[225]: #templaterenderer

[226]: #parameters-75

[227]: #textrenderer

[228]: #linebegin-1

[229]: #parameters-76

[230]: #lineend-1

[231]: #sanitize

[232]: #parameters-77

[233]: #localizeroptions

[234]: #localizer

[235]: #resolve

[236]: #parameters-78

[237]: #setprimarylocale

[238]: #parameters-79

[239]: #setfallbacklocale

[240]: #parameters-80

[241]: #getlocalekey

[242]: #parameters-81

[243]: #getbrowserlanguages

[244]: #applicationplugin

[245]: #preload

[246]: #init

[247]: #start-6

[248]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[249]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[250]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[251]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[252]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[253]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[254]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[255]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[256]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/KeyboardEvent/key/Key_Values

[257]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/KeyboardEvent

[258]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[259]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON
