<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Debugger][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [setLevel][3]
        -   [Parameters][4]
    -   [assert][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [log][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [emit][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [assert][11]
        -   [Parameters][12]
    -   [isEnabled][13]
    -   [enable][14]
        -   [Parameters][15]
-   [PageVisibility][16]
    -   [Parameters][17]
    -   [Properties][18]
    -   [enable][19]
    -   [disable][20]
    -   [destroy][21]
-   [SavedData][22]
    -   [Properties][23]
    -   [remove][24]
        -   [Parameters][25]
    -   [write][26]
        -   [Parameters][27]
    -   [read][28]
        -   [Parameters][29]
-   [SpeechSynth][30]
    -   [Parameters][31]
    -   [pause][32]
    -   [resume][33]
    -   [cancel][34]
    -   [say][35]
        -   [Parameters][36]
    -   [voice][37]
        -   [Parameters][38]
    -   [voice][39]
    -   [lang][40]
        -   [Parameters][41]
    -   [lang][42]
    -   [rate][43]
        -   [Parameters][44]
    -   [rate][45]
    -   [pitch][46]
        -   [Parameters][47]
    -   [pitch][48]
    -   [volume][49]
        -   [Parameters][50]
    -   [volume][51]

## Debugger

### Parameters

-   `params` **[Object][52]** options (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `params.emitEnabled` **[boolean][53]** If this should emit events to the window (optional, default `false`)
    -   `params.minLevel` **(`"GENERAL"` \| `"DEBUG"` \| `"INFO"` \| `"WARN"` \| `"ERROR"`)** The starting log level for the logger (optional, default `'GENERAL'`)

### setLevel

Sets the logging level of the debugger

#### Parameters

-   `level` **[string][54]** the name of the level

Returns **void** 

### assert

Will throw if statement is false

#### Parameters

-   `isTrue` **[boolean][53]** the expression to evaluate

### log

Console logs all supplied arguments if the log level is low enough for them to be logged

#### Parameters

-   `type` **(`"log"` \| `"general"` \| `"warn"` \| `"error"` \| `"debug"` \| `"info"`)** minimum level for this log to run at (optional, default `'log'`)
-   `args` **[Array][55]&lt;any>** arguments you wish to log

### emit

If emitting is enabled for this instance than it will dispatch a event on the window

#### Parameters

-   `eventName` **[string][54]** Name of the event (optional, default `'Debugger'`)

### assert

Will throw if statement is false

#### Parameters

-   `isTrue` **[boolean][53]** the expression to evaluate

### isEnabled

returns a boolean indicating if the debugger has been enabled or not

Returns **[boolean][53]** 

### enable

Disabled or enables all debugger instances

#### Parameters

-   `flag` **[boolean][53]** 

Returns **void** 

## PageVisibility

### Parameters

-   `onFocus` **[Function][56]**  (optional, default `function(){}`)
-   `onBlur` **[Function][56]**  (optional, default `function(){}`)

### Properties

-   `onFocus` **[Function][56]** Callback for when the page becomes visible
-   `onBlur` **[Function][56]** Callback for when the page loses visibility
-   `onToggle` **[Function][56]** the visibility toggle listener function

### enable

Enables the event listeners

### disable

Disables the event listeners

### destroy

Disable the detection

## SavedData

The SavedData Class use localStorage and sessionStorage to save data, with a cookie fallback for legacy support.

### Properties

-   `ERASE_COOKIE` **[Boolean][53]?** A constant for cookie fallback for `SavedData.remove()`
-   `WEB_STORAGE_SUPPORT` **[Boolean][53]?** A constant for if if the user is in Private Browsing, writing to localStorage throws an error
    in iOS, if the user is in Private Browsing, writing to localStorage throws an error. In this case WEB_STORAGE_SUPPORT is set to false

### remove

Remove a saved variable by name.

#### Parameters

-   `name` **[String][54]** The name of the value to remove

### write

Save a variable.

#### Parameters

-   `name` **[String][54]** The name/location of where you would like to save
-   `value` **[Object][52]** The value to save.
-   `tempOnly` **[Boolean][53]** If the value should be saved only in the current browser session. (optional, default `false`)

### read

Read the value of a saved variable

#### Parameters

-   `name` **[String][54]** The name of the variable

Returns **[Object][52]** Data saved at that location

## SpeechSynth

SpeechSync makes it easy to convert text to speech

### Parameters

-   `params` **[object][52]** 
    -   `params.voice` **[number][57]** Indicates what voice to use. This does not work on Chrome (optional, default `0`)
    -   `params.rate` **[number][57]** The rate at which the text is said. Supports a range from 0.1 to 10. (optional, default `1`)
    -   `params.pitch` **[number][57]** Voice Pitch. Supports a pitch from 0 to 2 (optional, default `0`)
    -   `params.volume` **[number][57]** Volume. Supports 0 to 1. (optional, default `1`)

### pause

Pauses the announcer

### resume

Resumes the announcer

### cancel

Pauses the announcer and clears the queue

### say

Causes the announcer to say whatever message is passed to it.
If the announcer is already saying something then it will be added to a queue.

#### Parameters

-   `message` **[string][54]** 

### voice

Sets the voice by array index. Note the implementation of this is non-standard, and currently Chrome only has 1 voice.

#### Parameters

-   `index` **[number][57]** 

### voice

Returns the voice object. Will return null on Chrome.

Returns **([object][52] | null)** 

### lang

Will set the language for the announcer. If not pull the language from the html tag or browser.

#### Parameters

-   `lang` **[string][54]** e.g 'en-US'

### lang

Will return the language string if manually set

Returns **[string][54]** 

### rate

Rate at which text is spoken

#### Parameters

-   `rate` **[number][57]** 

### rate

Returns rate which text is spoken

Returns **[number][57]** 

### pitch

Sets the pitch at which text is spoken

#### Parameters

-   `pitch` **[number][57]** 

### pitch

Returns the pitch at which text is spoken

Returns **[number][57]** 

### volume

Sets the current volume of the announcer

#### Parameters

-   `volume` **[number][57]** 

### volume

Returns the current volume of the announcer

Returns **[number][57]** 

[1]: #debugger

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #setlevel

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #assert

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #log

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #emit

[10]: #parameters-4

[11]: #assert-1

[12]: #parameters-5

[13]: #isenabled

[14]: #enable

[15]: #parameters-6

[16]: #pagevisibility

[17]: #parameters-7

[18]: #properties

[19]: #enable-1

[20]: #disable

[21]: #destroy

[22]: #saveddata

[23]: #properties-1

[24]: #remove

[25]: #parameters-8

[26]: #write

[27]: #parameters-9

[28]: #read

[29]: #parameters-10

[30]: #speechsynth

[31]: #parameters-11

[32]: #pause

[33]: #resume

[34]: #cancel

[35]: #say

[36]: #parameters-12

[37]: #voice

[38]: #parameters-13

[39]: #voice-1

[40]: #lang

[41]: #parameters-14

[42]: #lang-1

[43]: #rate

[44]: #parameters-15

[45]: #rate-1

[46]: #pitch

[47]: #parameters-16

[48]: #pitch-1

[49]: #volume

[50]: #parameters-17

[51]: #volume-1

[52]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[53]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[54]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[55]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[56]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[57]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
